Welcome back to another
exciting installment of
Multimedia in the Internet
of Things here at UCSC.
So yeah,
this is the beginning of Lesson three,
which is our final lesson of this module.
And we're excited to finally take
everything that we've talked
about in the last couple lessons,
the setup that you did in I think,
probably the last couple of videos.
And bring it all together and
actually start using those libraries,
do something really cool
in the DragonBoard.
So yeah, I think it's time.
Randy, what are we going to
cover in this lesson?
>> Yeah, so the first part of this lesson
we'll just make sure the camera works.
Make sure your camera works,
like we got over right here.
>> Got a little USB camera.
>> Yeah, a webcam of any sort.
And then we'll create
a very basic application,
just take a picture,
just make sure it works.
And then after that,
we'll go ahead and add some features.
By features, I mean all the things
we've been mentioning, the CV stuff.
Maybe some facial recognition,
some filters to change the colors in
your picture, something like that.
Hopefully to, and we'll point you out to
documentation that the simple CV has.
That'll allow you to create
your own application,
apply your own things based
on what you can find.
And finally we will do a little neat
thing where we'll, what we've done before
was to set up a little server that you
could upload your pictures to, and
you could view remotely.
>> Great.
Well,
we'll see you in the next videos, then.
[LAUGH]